label:Review|http://schema.org/Review/reviewBody
I am delighted with my purchase, I wanted a piece that would catch the eye and this is it.  The colors are vibrant and the dogs makes you smile every time you glance at it.There was a week's delay in receiving my print due to an ordering mistake but Posters2Prints expedited the correct print format and I am very satisfied with their service.   
Art work nicely done, though hard to tell that this piece had any oil enhancement from the original giclee print.  The custom frame was not well put together with a gap between the frame sides.  I have uploaded a photo showing the gap where the frame molding joins.---Posters2Prints Reponse-----Dennis,So sorry we have not exceed your expectations. We will be contacting you to correct the framing issue. This sometimes (but rarely) happens in shipping and we will typically send out a replacement if that is the case. Thanks so much for letting us know. Each framed piece is thoroughly inspected and signed off on before we ship it.With regards to the oil embellishment, that is not a service we currently offer. We print the art on a very high grade Canvas with a Giclee printing (12 color) process, but do not add embellishments of any kind. We are sorry that you got the impression that the embellishment service would be provided.We hope that once the issue is corrected you will modify your review.Thanks,MichaelPosters2Prints.com
It is extrodinary, the colors, the profile, the authenticy of the cow girl.   Anything by Robert Duncan is excellent
Love it. Very peaceful. Went great in my blue and white beach bedroom.
Both Beach Memories I & II work perfect in my newly remodeled kitchen. I wanted a print that would tie in both color and motif of the room. Having the fun of picking out everything from mat, frame and print and seeing it come alive on-line was wonderful. I have since purchased another print to go in the same room.  I've recommended your site to family and friends.  The prints capture everyone's eye as soon as they walk in.  Their comments without exception have been more than favorable. Thank you again for an enormous selection  and quality products. I will indeed be visiting again! JE
I was so pleased with my recent purchase of Keeper of the Pond. The framing was beautiful and the Colors were perfect for the space I planned to hang it. I will definetly order again in the future.
Basically it's what we had hoped for.  The composition and colors shown on the webpage is what showed up at our house.  Additionally, the customer service you offered was exceptional.  Someone on your end was paying attention when I inadvertently ordered different matting colors for my two prints.  The woman that called me (didn't catch her name) to inform me that I had made that error was very helpful in walking me through getting it corrected, and making what was obviously the appropriate choice.  Also, a big shout out to whoever it was that packaged our final product for shipping.  Clearly that wasn't their first rodeo!  I suspect that it would have gotten here unstaved  had it been tossed out onto my yard from a low flying aircraft.  Lastly, sending along the proper hanging hook is a nice, not unnoticed touch!
I bought it for my daughter's new apt near the beach in Fla.  It's a great size and she said that it made the room.
It's beautiful but I think a little overpriced.  
